README.md, before:

Purpose
-------
RailStocks is a portfolio management and valuation app.


Project Status
--------------

[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/virajparikh/RailStocks.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/virajparikh/RailStocks)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/virajparikh/RailStocks.png)](https://travis-ci.org/virajparikh/RailStocks)




Features and Instructions
--------------------------

1. User authentication
2. Portfolio creation
3. Add, edit, delete tickers in a portfolio


Bugs
----
Yup


About Author
------------
Viraj Parikh is an investment research analyst and portfolio manager for most of his professional career.  He has worked with the most widely used data services on the market, including Bloomberg, Capital IQ and Factset.  He has also made extensive use of free web sites, including Yahoo Finance, Google Finance and Finviz.  These experiences have shaped his vision for this app.

License
--------
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013 Viraj Parikh

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

update README and dashboard view

README.md, after:

Purpose
-------
RailStocks is a portfolio management and valuation app.


Project Status
--------------

[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/virajparikh/RailStocks.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/virajparikh/RailStocks)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/virajparikh/RailStocks.png)](https://travis-ci.org/virajparikh/RailStocks)


Features and Instructions
--------------------------
1. User sign-in and authentication
2. Portfolio(s) creation
3. Add, edit, delete tickers in a portfolio
4. Obtain a range of about 80 stock and valuation data points from Yahoo Finance
5. Historical stock prices for customized date ranges
6. View a pre-packaged stock and valuation summary of your portfolio

Wireframes
----------
See the Balsamiq_wireframes folder for the design schema and sitemap.

Gems
----
Devise - user sign-in and authentication
YahooFinance - stock data

Bugs
----
Yup


About Author
------------
Viraj Parikh is an investment research analyst and portfolio manager for most of his professional career.  He has worked with the most widely used data services on the market, including Bloomberg, Capital IQ and Factset.  He has also made extensive use of free web sites, including Yahoo Finance, Google Finance and Finviz.  These experiences have shaped his vision for this app.

License
--------
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013 Viraj Parikh

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
